Have 7 or more Red Heart Containers at one time
Hold 55 Coins at one time
Defeat Satan
Defeat Mom
Defeat Mom
Defeat Mom
Defeat a Harbinger
Defeat Mom's Heart 3 times
Complete the Boss Rush as Azazel
Defeat Mom's Heart 8 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 9 times
Destroy 100 Tinted Rocks
Beat Chapter 1
Beat Chapter 2
Defeat Lokii
Beat Basement 40 times
Beat Chapter 2 30 times
Beat Chapter 3 20 times
Make a Super Bandage Girl by picking up 4 copies of Ball of Bandages in one run; see Unlocking Super Meat Boy & Super Bandage Girl
Defeat Isaac as Magdalene
Defeat Isaac as Cain
Defeat all 7 Deadly Sins
Defeat Gish
Defeat Steven
Defeat C.H.A.D.
Visit 10 Arcades
Defeat Mom, Mom's Heart, or It Lives! using The Bible
Destroy 10 Tinted Rocks
Defeat Isaac as ???
Die 100 times
Pick up any 2 of the following items in a single run: Bob's Rotten Head, Dead Cat, Cricket's Head, and Tammy's Head ( Any 2 items that have the 'dead' item tag)
Defeat Mom's Heart 10 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 5 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times
Obtain three Yes Mother? items in one run
Use XIII - Death 4 times
Beat Chapter 1 without taking damage
Beat Chapter 2 without taking damage
Beat Chapter 3 without taking damage
Beat Chapter 4 without taking damage
Defeat ??? and The Lamb
Don't pick up any Hearts for 2 floors in a row
Defeat Satan as Isaac
Defeat Satan as Eve
Defeat Satan as Magdalene
Defeat Satan as Cain
Defeat The Lamb as Azazel
Defeat Satan as ???
Defeat ??? as Isaac
Defeat ??? as Magdalene
Defeat The Lamb as Cain
Defeat The Lamb as Judas
Defeat ??? as Eve
Defeat Isaac as Samson
Defeat ??? as Samson
Defeat Satan as Samson
Defeat Isaac 5 times
Pick up both Key Pieces from the Angels in one run
Donate 900 coins to the Donation Machine
Complete Beans! (challenge #13)
Blow up 20 Shopkeepers
Complete The Family Man (challenge #19)
Complete It's in the Cards (challenge #14)
Play either Shell Game or Hell Game 100 times
Become Guppy
Take 10 Angel Room items
Complete 2 floors in a row without taking damage
Defeat Isaac 10 times
Collect all non-DLC items in the game, and unlock all of the secrets and endings (minus The Lost and his 6 unlockable items)
Complete the Boss Rush as Isaac
Defeat The Lamb as Magdalene
Defeat Satan as Judas
Defeat The Lamb as ???
Defeat The Lamb as Samson
Defeat ??? as Cain
Defeat Isaac as Eve
Defeat Ultra Pride as any character, or ??? as Judas
Defeat Satan 5 times
Make 3 Deals with the Devil in one run
Have 4 or more Soul Hearts at one time
Complete Chapter 4
 It's complicated Die in a Sacrifice Room while holding Missing Poster
Complete Chapter 6 without taking damage
Collect every non-DLC item, and unlock every secret and ending.
Destroy 100 rocks
Beat all Basement bosses ( except Baby Plum) (not restricted to beating bosses in The Basement)
Beat all Caves bosses ( except Bumbino) (not restricted to beating bosses in The Caves)
Beat all Depths bosses ( except Reap Creep) (not restricted to beating bosses in The Depths)
Complete Pitch Black (challenge #1)
Complete High Brow (challenge #2)
Complete Head Trauma (challenge #3)
Complete Darkness Falls (challenge #4)
Complete The Tank (challenge #5)
Complete Solar System (challenge #6)
Complete Purist (challenge #20)
Complete Cat Got Your Tongue (challenge #8)
Complete Demo Man (challenge #9)
Complete Cursed! (challenge #10)
Complete Glass Cannon (challenge #11)
Complete When Life Gives You Lemons (challenge #12)
Complete Slow Roll (challenge #15)
Complete Computer Savvy (challenge #16)
Complete Waka Waka (challenge #17)
Complete The Host (challenge #18)
Complete the Boss Rush as Lazarus
Defeat Isaac as Isaac
Defeat Isaac as Judas
Complete the Boss Rush as Judas
Complete the Boss Rush as Magdalene
Complete the Boss Rush as Cain
Defeat The Lamb as Eve
Complete the Boss Rush as Eve
Defeat ??? as ???
Complete the Boss Rush as ???
Complete the Boss Rush as Samson
Defeat Isaac as Lazarus
Defeat Satan as Lazarus
Defeat ??? as Lazarus
Defeat The Lamb as Lazarus
Complete Suicide King (challenge #7)
Defeat Isaac as Eden
Defeat Satan as Eden
Defeat ??? as Eden
Defeat The Lamb as Eden
Complete the Boss Rush as Eden
Defeat Isaac as Azazel
Defeat Satan as Azazel
Defeat ??? as Azazel
Defeat Isaac as The Lost
Defeat Satan as The Lost
Defeat ??? as The Lost
Defeat The Lamb as The Lost
Complete the Boss Rush as The Lost
Donate 10 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 50 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 150 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 400 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 999 Coins to the Donation Machine
Defeat Mom's Heart 4 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 6 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 7 times
Take 20 items from Devil Rooms
Defeat Krampus
Make a Super Meat Boy by picking up 4 copies of Cube of Meat in one run; see Unlocking Super Meat Boy & Super Bandage Girl
Destroy 100 Poops
Pick up any 2 of the following items in a single run: Roid Rage, The Virus, Growth Hormones, Experimental Treatment, and Speed Ball ( Any 2 items that have the 'syringe' item tag)
Use the Blood Donation Machine 30 times
Blow up 30 Slot Machine
Defeat The Lamb as Isaac
Defeat Mom's Heart 2 times
Donate 20 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 100 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 200 Coins to the Donation Machine
Donate 600 Coins to the Donation Machine
Complete Chapter 6
Earn all 5 / 9 (except Ultra Greed) / 10 / 12 Completion Marks on Hard mode as The Lost
 Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times and unlock Eve Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times and defeat ??? as Eve
Have 7 or more Red Heart Containers at one time
Defeat Mom's Heart 3 times
Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times and unlock Lazarus
Become Guppy
Defeat Mom's Heart 9 times
Have 7 or more Red Heart Containers at one time
Beat The Family Man (challenge #19), defeat Lokii, and unlock Judas
Pick up both Key Pieces from the Angels in one run
Defeat Mom
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Isaac
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Magdalene
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Eve
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Judas
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Cain
 Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Azazel Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Lazarus
 Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Lazarus Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Azazel
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as ???
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as The Lost
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Eden
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Samson
Become Beelzebub
Defeat Hush as Isaac
Defeat Hush as Magdalene
Defeat Hush as Cain
Defeat Hush as Judas
Defeat Hush as ???
Defeat Hush as Eve
Defeat Hush as Samson
Defeat Hush as Azazel
Defeat Hush as Lazarus
Defeat Hush as Eden
Defeat Hush as The Lost
Defeat Hush as Lilith
Defeat Hush as Keeper
Defeat Ultra Greed as Isaac
Defeat Ultra Greed as Magdalene
Defeat Ultra Greed as Cain
Defeat Ultra Greed as Judas
Defeat Ultra Greed as ???
Defeat Ultra Greed as Eve
Defeat Ultra Greed as Samson
Defeat Ultra Greed as Azazel
Defeat Ultra Greed as Lazarus
Defeat Ultra Greed as Eden
Defeat Ultra Greed as The Lost
Defeat Ultra Greed as Lilith
Defeat Ultra Greed as Keeper
Defeat Mega Satan as Isaac
Defeat Mega Satan as Magdalene
Defeat Mega Satan as Cain
Defeat Mega Satan as Judas
Defeat Mega Satan as ???
Defeat Mega Satan as Eve
Defeat Mega Satan as Samson
Defeat Mega Satan as Azazel
Defeat Mega Satan as Lazarus
Defeat Mega Satan as Eden
Defeat Mega Satan as The Lost
Defeat Mega Satan as Lilith
Defeat Mega Satan as Keeper
Defeat Isaac as Lilith
Defeat ??? as Lilith
Defeat Satan as Lilith
Defeat The Lamb as Lilith
Complete the Boss Rush as Lilith
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Lilith
Complete XXXXXXXXL (challenge #21)
Complete SPEED! (challenge #22)
Complete Blue Bomber (challenge #23)
Complete PAY TO PLAY (challenge #24)
Complete Have a Heart (challenge #25)
Complete I RULE! (challenge #26)
Complete BRAINS! (challenge #27)
Complete PRIDE DAY! (challenge #28)
 Complete The Guardian (challenge #30) Complete Onan's Streak (challenge #29)
 Complete Onan's Streak (challenge #29) Complete The Guardian (challenge #30)
Defeat Mom's Heart 10 times
Unlock all secrets and endings, and collect every item in the game
Defeat Isaac as Keeper
Defeat Satan as Keeper
Defeat ??? as Keeper
Defeat The Lamb as Keeper
Complete the Boss Rush as Keeper
Defeat Mom's Heart on Hard mode as Keeper
Donate 2 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 14 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 33 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 68 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 111 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 234 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 439 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 666 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 879 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Donate 1000 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as ???
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Isaac
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Magdalene
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Eve
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Eden
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Lazarus
Use Blank Card while holding XIX - The Sun
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Azazel
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Lilith
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Cain
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Samson
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Judas
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Keeper
Defeat Mom
Defeat Mom
Destroy 10 Tinted Rocks and defeat Mom's Heart 11 times
Defeat Isaac as Cain and destroy 10 Tinted Rocks
Defeat Mom
 Defeat ??? or The Lamb, defeat Satan as Isaac, and unlock The Negative Defeat ??? or The Lamb, and defeat Satan as Isaac Defeat Mega Satan and unlock The Negative
Defeat Isaac 5 times
Defeat Mom
 Defeat Mom Unlock Judas and It Lives.
Defeat Mom
Donate 999 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Defeat Mega Satan as every character ( except Tainted characters)
 Defeat ??? or The Lamb Defeat Mega Satan and unlock The Negative
Defeat Mom
Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times
 Defeat ??? or The Lamb. Possession of The Polaroid / The Negative is required, barring getting to Dark Room through a Sacrifice Room. Defeat Mega Satan and unlock The Negative
Defeat Isaac 5 times
Defeat Delirium as Isaac
Defeat Delirium as Magdalene
Defeat Delirium as Cain
Defeat Delirium as Judas
Defeat Delirium as ???
Defeat Delirium as Samson
Defeat Delirium as Eve
Defeat Delirium as Eden
Defeat Delirium as Azazel
Defeat Delirium as Lazarus
Defeat Delirium as Lilith
Defeat Delirium as The Lost
Defeat Delirium as Keeper
Defeat Delirium as Apollyon
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Isaac
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Magdalene
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Cain
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Judas
Defeat Ultra Greedier as ???
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Samson
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Eve
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Eden
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Azazel
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Lazarus
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Lilith
Defeat Ultra Greedier as The Lost
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Keeper
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Apollyon
Defeat Isaac as Apollyon
Defeat Satan as Apollyon
Defeat ??? as Apollyon
Defeat The Lamb as Apollyon
Complete the Boss Rush as Apollyon
Defeat Hush as Apollyon
Defeat Ultra Greed as Apollyon
Defeat Mega Satan as Apollyon
Defeat Mom's Heart or It Lives! on Hard mode as Apollyon
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Apollyon
Defeat Hush
Complete a Victory Lap, defeating The Lamb
Get a 3-win streak
Get a 5-win streak ( 3-win streak), using a different character each time (Mega Satan victories do not count if the Void portal doesn't spawn)
Collect every entry in the Bestiary (bugged v190 - Mobs that don't exist in the bestiary are being counted. This allows Sin Collector to be unlocked without a complete bestiary)
Participate in 31 Daily Challenges (they don't have to be consecutive; it will still count if Isaac dies in the first room)
Defeat The Lamb in under 20 minutes
Defeat The Lamb without taking Hearts, Coins, or Bombs through the entire run
Reset 7 times in a row
Complete a Chapter (floors I and II) after Basement, start-to-finish, with only half a Heart total (can use The Lost)
Obtain 50 items in a run (duplicate passive items/familiars count towards the total, e.g., multiple Breakfast)
Complete Backasswards (challenge #31)
Complete Aprils Fool (challenge #32)
Complete Pokey Mans (challenge #33)
Complete Ultra Hard (challenge #34)
Complete Pong (challenge #35)
Get a 5-win streak in the Daily Challenges (they don't have to be consecutive days, only the runs you play are counted)
Complete 3 Victory Laps and start a 4th
Defeat Delirium
Collect every item in the game, unlock all secrets and endings, and complete the Bestiary
Defeat Mega Satan
Donate 500 Coins to the Greed Donation Machine
Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times
Defeat It Lives! 16 times
Defeat It Lives! 21 times
Defeat It Lives! 30 times
Defeat ??? as 3 different Characters
Defeat ??? as 6 different Characters
Defeat The Lamb
Defeat 20 Portals
Destroy 500 rocks
Beat Chapter 1 without taking damage
Become Beelzebub
Destroy 5 rainbow poops
Complete 7 Daily Challenges (by touching the trophy at the end)
Pick up 5 familiars in a single run
Defeat Little Horn 20 times
Defeat Delirium for the 1st time
Recharge using Lil' Batteries 20 times
Sleep in a bed
Complete 2 Victory Laps and start a 3rd
Increase in size 5 times in a single run via Magic Mushroom, "One makes you larger" pills, XI - Strength, etc.
Use Cards and Runes 20 times
Add both the Broken Watch and the Stop Watch to your collection
Purchase anything from Shops, Devil Rooms, and/or Black Markets 50 times
Beat Chapter 2 without taking damage
Use Pandora's Box in Dark Room
Pick up any 2 of the following items/trinkets in a single run: 9 Volt, The Battery, Car Battery, AAA Battery, and Watch Battery ( Any 2 items that have the 'battery' item tag)
Beat Chapter 3 without taking damage
Pick up any 2 technology items in a single run ( Any 2 items that have the 'tech' item tag)
Acquire both Key Piece 1 and Key Piece 2
Open 20 Locked Chests
Defeat all 5 Harbingers
Defeat an Angel 10 times
Beat Chapter 4 without taking damage
Blow up doors and Secret Room walls 50 times
Take 25 Deals with the Devil
Acquire Blood Clot 10 times
Collect 10 "Tears Up" items or pills in one run
Enter 6 Shops in one run
Take 25 Angel Rooms items
Have The Battery, 9 Volt, and Car Battery in Isaac's collection
Acquire Rubber Cement 5 times
Take 50 Deals with the Devil
Have Isaac die to his own explosion from Ipecac, Bob's Rotten Head, or a Horf! pill
Sleep in 10 beds
Use 5 Gulp! pills in one run (Placebo uses count)
Spawn three charmed enemies in the same room
Have 20 Blue Flies at the same time
Use I - The Magician or Telepathy for Dummies while already having homing tears
It's complicated
It's complicated
Defeat Mom's Heart or It Lives! on Hard mode as The Forgotten
Defeat Isaac as The Forgotten
Defeat Satan as The Forgotten
Defeat ??? as The Forgotten
Defeat The Lamb as The Forgotten
Complete the Boss Rush as The Forgotten
Defeat Hush as The Forgotten
Defeat Ultra Greed as The Forgotten
Defeat Ultra Greedier as The Forgotten
Defeat Delirium as The Forgotten
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as The Forgotten
Defeat Mega Satan as The Forgotten
Defeat Mom's Heart/It Lives! on hard mode as Lazarus, without dying at all
Defeat Mother
Collect any 3 items with the 'stars' item tag in a single run
Defeat Hush 3 times
Blow up The Siren's skull after defeating her
Defeat Baby Plum 10 times
Allow Baby Plum to escape instead of defeating her
Enter Corpse for the first time
Defeat all bosses in Downpour
Defeat all bosses in Mines
Defeat all bosses in Mausoleum
Open Mom's Chest in Home
Defeat Mom's Heart or It Lives! on Hard mode as Bethany
Defeat Isaac as Bethany
Defeat Satan as Bethany
Defeat ??? as Bethany
Defeat The Lamb as Bethany
Complete the Boss Rush as Bethany
Defeat Ultra Greed as Bethany
Defeat Hush as Bethany
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Bethany
Defeat Delirium as Bethany
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Bethany
Defeat Mega Satan as Bethany
Defeat Mom's Heart or It Lives! on Hard mode as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Isaac as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Satan as Jacob and Esau
Defeat ??? as Jacob and Esau
Defeat The Lamb as Jacob and Esau
Complete Boss Rush as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Ultra Greed as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Hush as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Delirium as Jacob and Esau
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Mega Satan as Jacob and Esau
Defeat Mother as Isaac
Defeat The Beast as Isaac
Defeat Mother as Magdalene
Defeat The Beast as Magdalene
Defeat Mother as Cain
Defeat The Beast as Cain
Defeat Mother as Judas
Defeat The Beast as Judas
Defeat Mother as ???
Defeat The Beast as ???
Defeat Mother as Eve
Defeat The Beast as Eve
Defeat Mother as Samson
Defeat The Beast as Samson
Defeat Mother as Azazel
Defeat The Beast as Azazel
Defeat Mother as Lazarus
Defeat The Beast as Lazarus
Defeat Mother as Eden
Defeat The Beast as Eden
Defeat Mother as The Lost
Defeat The Beast as The Lost
Defeat Mother as Lilith
Defeat The Beast as Lilith
Defeat Mother as Keeper
Defeat The Beast as Keeper
Defeat Mother as Apollyon
Defeat The Beast as Apollyon
Defeat Mother as The Forgotten
Defeat The Beast as The Forgotten
Defeat Mother as Bethany
Defeat The Beast as Bethany
Defeat Mother as Jacob and Esau
Defeat The Beast as Jacob and Esau
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Isaac
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Magdalene
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Cain
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Judas
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as ???
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Eve
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Samson
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Azazel
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Lazarus
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Eden
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as The Lost
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Lilith
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Keeper
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Apollyon
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as The Forgotten
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Bethany
Use Red Key (etc.) to open the hidden closet in Home as Jacob and Esau
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Isaac
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Cain
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Judas
Defeat The Beast as Tainted ???
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Eve
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Samson
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Azazel
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Eden
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Lost
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Lilith
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Keeper
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Bethany
Defeat The Beast as Tainted Jacob
Unlock Bethany, Blood Bag, and It Lives!
Defeat Satan as Bethany, defeat Mom's Heart 11 times, and unlock Maggy's Faith
Defeat Mother
Defeat Mother
Defeat Mom's Heart 11 times and unlock Marbles
Unlock Tainted Forgotten
Unlock Tainted Cain
Unlock Tainted Jacob
Unlock Tainted Eden
Complete Scat Man (challenge #36)
Complete Bloody Mary (challenge #37)
Complete Baptism by Fire (challenge #38)
Complete Isaac's Awakening (challenge #39)
Complete Seeing Double (challenge #40)
Complete Pica Run (challenge #41)
Donate to Battery Bums until they pay out with an item 5 times
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Lost
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Judas
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Eve
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted ???
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Magdalene
Complete Hot Potato (challenge #42)
Complete Cantripped (challenge #43)
Complete Red Redemption (challenge #44)
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Cain
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Samson
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Forgotten
Complete DELETE THIS (challenge #45)
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Jacob
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Ultra Greedier as Tainted Eden
Kill 10 Battery Bums
After breaking Hornfel's minecart, kill him before he can escape
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks for all non-Tainted characters
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Mother as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat Mother as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Cain
Defeat Mother as Tainted Cain
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Judas
Defeat Mother as Tainted Judas
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted ???
Defeat Mother as Tainted ???
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Eve
Defeat Mother as Tainted Eve
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Samson
Defeat Mother as Tainted Samson
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Mother as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Mother as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Eden
Defeat Mother as Tainted Eden
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Lost
Defeat Mother as Tainted Lost
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Mother as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Mother as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Mother as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat Mother as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Mother as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Isaac, ???, Satan, and The Lamb as Tainted Jacob
Defeat Mother as Tainted Jacob
Spend 40+ coins in a single Shop
In a single run, obtain 99 Coins, then spend all of them
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Cain
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Judas
Defeat Delirium as Tainted ???
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Eve
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Samson
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Eden
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Lost
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Delirium as Tainted Jacob
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Cain
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Judas
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted ???
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Eve
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Samson
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Eden
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Lost
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Mega Satan as Tainted Jacob
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Isaac
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Magdalene
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Cain
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Judas
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted ???
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Eve
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Samson
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Azazel
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Lazarus
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Eden
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Lost
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Lilith
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Keeper
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Apollyon
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Forgotten
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Bethany
Defeat Hush and Boss Rush as Tainted Jacob
Defeat Mother
Earn all Hard mode Completion Marks for all characters, including tainted ones
Unlock all the other achievements and collect every item in the game
